docs: Document releases. Closes #5379 (#5402)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/releases.md

# Releases

## Supported Versions

> Versions are expressed as x.y.z, where x is the major version, y is the minor version, and z is the patch version,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions are expressed as vX.Y.Z, where X is the major version, Y is the minor version, and Z is the patch version,
```

Author: I copied this from Kubernetes

> following Semantic Versioning terminology.

Reviewer: Link to the semver definition?

We maintain release branches for the most recent two minor releases.

> Fixes may be backported to release branches, depending on severity, risk, and, feasibility.

Reviewer 2: Are issues like https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues/5326 for this purpose? I see maintainers have edited the issue description. Could we document that process as well? Is this a place where community members can chime in and see if there other fixes that should be backported?

Author: There is no formal process for this.

If a release contains breaking changes, or CVE fixes, this will documented in the release notes.

## Supported Version Skew

> Both the `argo-server` and `argocli` should be the same version as the controller.

Reviewer: The `argocli` and the `argo-server` are the same binary/image. Should we just say "`argocli` (which contains the Argo Server"?

Author: I think most users do not know that.

# Release Cycle

For **unstable**, we build and tag `latest` images for every commit to master.

> New major version are released roughly ever 3 months. Release candidates for each major release are typically available
> for 6 weeks before the release becomes generally available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New major versions are released roughly every 3 months. Release candidates for each major release are typically available
for 6 weeks before the release becomes generally available.
```
